# Promografi

## Requirement
- laravel 5.5
- mysql

## Installation
- clone, composer install, migrate


## temp
http://themestarz.net/html/craigs/

### Instagram approval
The purpose of the My #NCSULibrary app is to aggregate  Instagram images that showcase the wonderful spaces and services provided by NCSU Libraries. We do this by encouraging our campus community, and the public at large, to add the #NCSULibrary hashtag to their photos. This allows us to centrally collect and add these photos to our University archives


### Data Sources
supermalkarawaci,Supermal Karawaci
yourlippomallpuri,Lippo Mall Puri
emporiumpluitmall,Emporium Pluit Mall
aeonmallbsdcity,AEON MALL BSD CITY
pluit_village,Pluit Village
baywalkmall_jkt,Baywalk Mall - Pluit
maltamananggrek,Mal Taman Anggrek
malarthagading,Mal Artha Gading
mallofindonesia,MOI
marketincjkt,marketinc.us
kuningan_city,Mall Kuningan City
pikavenue,PIK Avenue
lippomallkemang,Lippo Mall Kemang
centralparkmall,Central Park Mall
gandariacity,Gandaria City
kotakasablanka,Kota Kasablanka
mkglapiazza,Mal Kelapa Gading
lotte_avenue,LOTTE Shopping Avenue
metrodept,METRO Department Store
grandindo,Grand Indonesia
senayancity,SenayanCity
plaza_indonesia,Plaza Indonesia
pacificplacejkt,Pacific Place Jakarta
sogo_ind,SOGO Dept Store Indonesia
plaza_senayan,Plaza Senayan